Added property to configure purge options (#1496)
unclebob/fitnesse: FitNesseRoot/FitNesse/UserGuide/AdministeringFitNesse/ConfigurationFile/content.txt

 * '''VersionsController.days''' - number of days to keep old page versions around when using the Zip file based versions controller.
 * '''test.history.days''' - The number of days to keep test results around. Cleaned up after a new test run.
 * '''test.history.path''' - Location to store the test results. The default location is ''!-FitNesseRoot-!/files/testResults''.

>  * '''TestHistory.purgeTime''' - A comma separated list of numbers for purge options on the ''Test History'' page.

Reviewer: Can you update the description to give an indication what the numbers represent?
For instance:
```suggestion
 * '''TestHistory.purgeTime''' - A comma separated list of the age, in number of days, to offer as purge options on the ''Test History'' page.
```
